Wake up. In his bed. Whoa. That just happened.

I’m ok with it. I think. In fact, on the way home I feel liberated. Great. That’s over. That was it. It didn’t even really hurt. I feel ok.

But what if anything, will I say to my friends? How ti explain it, so they understand and don’t chastise me the whole time? I mean yes, it was stupid. But I don’t regret it. I wish it could have happened under better circumstances, mainly sober, but I trust Brian. And I feel ok. 

So I don’t know. Instead I debate birth control, and whether or not I’m a virgin anymore.

Then it’s to midtown, where an asian woman pokes around at my vagina and removes every last hair. Every. Single. Hair. She’s very pleased I didn’t scream, and I’m just glad she didn’t wax the clit. 

Get toes did, then meet brian at Le Pain Quotidien. Eat, head to union square, where we wonder the farmers market, then I get sleepy and we decide to head back to my place.

One surprising thing about last night is the lack of guilt. I don’t in any way feel guilty. Just a little different. 

We try to watch a movie at my place, but in the end we’re back on my bed, avoiding sex. Cause I can’t do it again. Last night was grea, but it was 10 days for crying out loud. 10 days. Save something for the honeymoon.

For the record, he says that’s the fastest he’s ever had sex with a girl which makes me feel both special and like a hoe. 

So instead we nap, wake up, talk about many things. I pack, intermittently, but by 1am he puts his foot down and helps me get to business, telling me how to sort my clothes. It helps, and I pack fast and organized under his watchful eye. 

We nap for a bit, him frisky in his sleep as always, hands rovving, saying that he’s horny and that he’s falling in love. 

Then my car comes at 4:30am, and I’m gone to Miami. And my first time in 11 days without him. 

Miami!

I am on a plane, but not feeling it. 

The crowds, the heat, the high heels… I miss my boo.

But there I am, in Miami, alone, waiting for the hotel shuttle. Nearly 2 hours later it’s a no show, so I share a cab with some Kountray neegros from Virginia. They’re all very friendly, excited. Asking me about reality tv and such.

Then I’m at the Catalina. 

Our rooms not ready, so I change into a swim suit in the bathroom and hit the strip. Looking for a new bikini. Why? Because I’m emotionally shopping. I’m alone, I miss my boo, and it’s not even that sunny.

I find a cute one on sale for $40. String bikini. Who knew?

Then I’m on the beach. It’s cloudly overhead, and I need to sleep, seeing as I didn’t get much last night, nor on the cramped plane.

Keysha arrives, and I’m happy to see her. I catch her up on my tumultuous life, and she guesses I’m having sex.

“I mean, ya’ll don’t have jobs, and it’s free. Ya’ll fuckin.”

Keysha. She be knowin, lol.

So then we head back to the hotel to check out the room… it’s a dump. Ugly, dingy white, and stinky. 

I am 25 years old, with my own bills to pay. This is unacceptable. 

So we get on the phones, calling texting looking for a new hotel. The people at the front desk aren’t helpful AT ALL.

Not to mention all the airport drama Tamra and Lauren are going through. 

I contemplate just going back to NYC. This feels like a bust.

But somehow we all meet up, and it’s better. 

And find a better hotel. And my mood is lifted.

In our new hotel room, I break the news to tamra and Lauren. Lauren cries. That girl, so emotional. Wants to know why I didn’t tell her the instant it happened. Crazy.

We eat at fatburger across from the hotel Chelsea, which is surprisingly delicious. Talking, laughing. 

Then we go to the room to change, head to wet willies. It’s whack. The drinks are nasty. Clearly I’m growing up.

We walk Washington for a while, then exhausted from a rough day, head back to the hotel to sleep. 

First real day at the beach.

We get up, get some food, then lay out. Play in the water, meet some gay dude.

The beach isn’t really popping, but we’re having fun.

Then it starts to rain. 

And then it stops. 

We go back to the hotel, nap, dress and change for the night. 

We go to the same Mexican spot for the previous night. 

I’m hungry and a lil annoyed, missing my boo. 

We walk around, looking for trouble to get into, but then eventually settle back into bed. Oh well. 

Last real day in Miami, 4th of July.

I’m looking for trouble to get into, anything.

We get brunch, and I’m feeling crunk. My energy is back.

On the beach, we play in the water again, then Keysha helps me to go find a shark tooth necklace for Brian.

We find one, then another that’s much better. A Maco shark’s tooth from the peace river. He will love it. 

WE eat even more Mexican food, then back at the hotel to change for the night. 

Meet up with Chris. He’s talking crazy per usual, a pimp in his own mind. 

Then I try to nap, but it doesn’t work. 

So we’re up again, meeting with a bachelor party of downlow gay men. In a cab to the strip club, we drinking. Mood improving.

It’s a hole in the wall bar with worn and naked women. It’s arousing and disturbing. They dance lazily, on the pole, against each other, on these gay men who we know secretly really ain’t interested.

I don’t know where to look, it all seems so personal and odd. And sad a little. These girls ain’t making no money, and they dancing like they rather be doing their taxes.

But we getting drinks for free, and I’m getting drunk.

I go to the bathroom, and when I come back there’s a girl grinding on Lauren. 

Oh shit. 

Lauren grinds back. She will not be shown up. 

It’s crazy, too much for me. I can only laugh and avert mine eyes. 

Then it’s a cab to a club back on the strip. 

They buy a table, and I’m drunk, dancing like I’m Janet. A shot of Patron, I’m in the zone. Drunk texting Brian, telling him to buy condoms. 

Crazy.

Finally around 4 am we wind down and back into bed, but not before getting into a hitting match with Lauren for trying to take pictures of me in my sleep. Got to love friends. 

Wake up, still drunk. Last night was wiiiiiiiiillllllld.

Washing and redo hair, cause I want to look cute for the boo.

Wait for the shuttle with Lauren at Chesterfield, get one last sandwich from La Sandwhicherie and a bomb ass smoothie.

Then I’m alone at the airport, alone on the plane, talking to God, sorting it all out. 

What I need to do, focus on. I’m leaving my church, and I’m sad, mostly because I feel like a quitter. But you got to know when to hold em, when to fold em. And I think that it has run it’s tenure. Though not going back makes me sad, going back makes me nervous and my stomach hurt. I fear being judged, not being good enough, dedicated enough. And never really considered why I wanted to join, besides just wanting to sing. And coincidentally, I started my job around the same time I joined choir and had the same goals. 1 year mark. And then they both ended around the same time. I take that as a sign.

So we land, and I feel better.

And more importantly, excited to see Brian. 

So I head home, drop my stuff, then head to his apt.

Hes in the kitchen, cooking, listening to music. At first it’s a tiny bit awkard. I haven’t seen him in a while, don’t know what ot do with my body, arms, legs, limbs. 

But we figure it out, settle into a steaming plate of veggies and potatoes. 

He says prayer, thanking God for me, then we dig in.

It’s good, and for someone who claims not to cook, I have him cooking often, lol.

With sparkling white wine, I give him the shark tooth. Lol, this fool feels it through hthe bag before opening, like “it’s exactly the one I want!”

It’s pretty darn close, and he loves it. 

So then we’re back I the bedroom, tipsy, listening to robin thicke and eating strawberries. He’s so romantic, if it wasn’t me, I might puke. 

Rubbing strawberries and licking, then he’s on top, pushing it in… pressure, but it doesn’t hurt. 

Then the condom. 

I don’t really feel a difference, at all. He’s pushing deep, fast, and I’m so surprised how much it doesn’t hurt, and how good it feels, I can’t help but smile. Cheesing really. I am having sex, and enjoying it. Crazy. 

But it’s still overwhelming, and you probably shouldn’t be sexing me if my stomach is gaseous and I feel like I’m going to fart.

Plus its just so overwhelming. Me. Having sex. With Brian. What. The. Fuck.

He flips me, hits it from behind (what has my life and language become), then back around. 

We rest for a bit, condom off.

But per usual, I’m still wet, this still excites him, and he’s back at it. No condom. Push a bit, then he’s out, rub tug and nut on my chest.

Again. What is my life?

But it was what it was, and for what it was, it wasn’t bad. But still confusing. I like him, but the love isn’t there, not yet. Too soon, more mental barriers to overcome. All these negative stereotypes I have about sex cloud my ability to judge what I want, and what I’m willing to give up, or what I feel I’m giving up, or what it means, and who “wins”…

I wake up the next morning to blood in the toilet. Hymen or period? I find a pad, and blood stains on the sheets as well. 

It’s anyone’s call. 
Separating it all out.

Lights from darks.

Tumble dry, air dry.

Bleach or no.

Separate neat little piles, categorized by levels of importance, relevance, urgency.

Trying to make it make sense, so I can figure out what do to, and how I ended up here.

It’s like someone flipped a switch. Life rolling down on me incessantly, wave after wave washing up on me. My arms, flailing, trying to stay afloat.

I should learn to lay out on my back, stop fighting it so much.

But that’s hard to do.

It’s rocking me, the waves, knocking against me. 

And for some strange reason, Rick Ross’ Maybach music is consoling me. Or at least distracting me from what I’ve seen, the reality of the situation.

They’re in so deep. He on the phone, yelling, pacing. I can hear her on the other end, yelling.

And I’m just sitting there, frozen. I don’t want to hear it. I don’t know what to do. It’s ugly. I shouldn’t be witness to this.  

Or maybe I should. The gravity of what I’ve gotten myself into. That I thought I’d be perfect, he was perfect, we were perfect. It’s a sham. He’s in deep shit, and I don’t know if I want that. Not to mention that I have this habit of trying to make someone else’s situation, life, better. I’m a fixer, I want to impact your life, improve it, leave a mark that can’t be erased. 

But then that leaves no room for me and my faults, and my problems. I become the shoulder with no head, taking on their own problems, unevenly yoking the situation.

It was ugly. He yelling about her calling him a faggot, not being able to see his son, yelling about getting the therapist involved. Yelling, yelling, circling back to unrelated topics just to yell some more. Accusations of abuse. Yelling. I don’t want to see you, I don’t want to be around you, I’m over this. Circle back, yell some more. I sat quietly at first, unsure of what to do. But as the yelling continued on, I saw they were both hurt people, yelling to win an unwinable battle. And most annoyingly, it didn’t have anything to do with Max.  They were just hurt people, yelling at a wall, the unstoppable force against the unmovable object. Yelling and getting no where. 

And I got tired. I didn’t want to see it, shouldn’t have had to see it. I don’t want to be involved, don’t want to take sides, don’t want to give advice. I don’t want it. 

So I moved to leave. Got my shoes on, very slowly, stood in the bathroom for a minute, looking in the mirror and wondering what I had gotten myself into. I didn’t want to see him, couldn’t look at him. I don’t want it. Couldn’t speak, because there was nothing to say.

As I slowly moved to leave, they wrapped the argument. 

I’m sorry Kia, he says in a noncommittal way.

I say nothing. 

He says it again, more earnestly, to my face. I say nothing. I’m not going to tell him it’s ok, make him feel better. It was wrong, he fucked up, and I’m not going to sugar coat the facts. 

Just writing it makes me tired. There’s been so much, so much. I can’t. Maybe I’m shutting down. I don’t want to, but at the same time… their situation is so unresolved, so half baked… my heart just can’t open up to those odds. It’s like Jekyll and Hyde with him, and I can’t fall for half a person. But I have a hard time resolving and accepting the other half. 

I need sleep, to wake up and understand what happened, and what to do. 



So it got better. Even though I woke up, and STILL didn’t want to see him, I let him come over anyway. 

Told him how I felt, how he was wrong for letting me see them fight, and how he’s still emotionally involved. 

He said I was right, and it was something he needed to hear.

And so I needed to get out, reset, breathe fresh air to lift the weight. 

So we head down to the LES, to think coffee, where we sip coffee and eat a cookie.

Talk. I love to listen to him talk, how he thinks about things, because I agree so much, but he says it in a ways that’s intriguing, thoughtful, depthful.

We talk about us, why it works, what we want… I briefly squirm at the notion that he used to be shallow, and to a certain extent he still cares about those things, albeit from a health perspective. 

But I have to remind myself – I like me. I think im attractive. And if he wants to end it because I’m not his ideal, well then good riddance. 

Then we talk about my career. And he gets on my case, rightfully so. That I need to be aggressive about what I want, that he’s going to hold me to it, whatever it is that I want to do. That he’d moved to San Francisco if I got a job out there. 

He’s determined, stern. It’s only a little bit annoying, mostly because how right he was, and now I have someone to hold me accountable.

We talk talk talk, time slipping away, and then it’s 7pm. Stop at whole foods, then head to his apt.

While I’m in the kitchen, prepping food and talking to mom, Sandra, he’s on the phone apologizing. The convo lasts longer that he guessed it was, and I try not to get all tense about it. 

You know I’m always looking for someone to leave me, for it to end.

But alas, all we got is now. 

So we eat, him serenading me to Rochelle Ferrell and will downing duets, which is hilarious and sweet. 

It’s late, like 10, and I can’t sleep cause my stomach’s rumbling, so I sit up and read while he curls on his side, naked, mumbling I love you in his sleep.
Shit. I’ve been slacking on writing so much, my days are melding and I’m not sure where I am in the week.

I guess yesterday.

I slept crappy. Had gas, paranoid of bug bites. Lay thinking about things to cook, jobs to apply for, and Brian spoons me, tells me he loves me, goes into deeper sleep.

Finally the sun is up. 

We part ways, bound for the gym. I don’t want to really go, I’m sleepy, but I need to get back on course. 

So I’m there, sweating through my boring abs routine, then puffing it out on the treadmill for 30 on a 1% incline. 

Whoopee. 

Back home, there’s so much to do. Pay bills, settle things, look for jobs, apartments.

I don’t really accomplish much, instead watching MJ’s funeral and falling asleep.

Up, Brian calls. He sounds a little short, but comes over anyway.

I’m a little short too, but I know whenever we hang out it gets better.

So he comes over, we’re both very hungry, eat the leftovers. 

He’s still hungry.

So we go to society, where I have dessert and coffee, he has a sandwhich. We talk, and it always turns me on. His brain. Brilliant.

On the bus ride home, I talk about how I’m more emotionally reserved, and that he won’t really see me in a bad mood for a while, if at all. My therapy is writing. He says he wants to see.

So I let him read yesterday, knowing it was harsh, but probably something that would be good for him, us. If nothing else, its me, how I think, what I can show him about myself.

He likes it. Like really really likes it. Gushing almost, I’m embarrassed by the flattery. I’ve never had anyone like my writing and explain to me why its good. He does all that, and I’m just without words to say. Thanks doesn’t begin to explain it. I’m kind of floored by how much he likes it. Says I make him want to write, that he’s even more attracted to me because of it.

So maybe I should take myself more seriously. He says one day I’d be a great writer, if I chose to do so.

We then talk about his relationship with Joy, that burdensome, heavy, weighty behomoth that puts a gray cast over all we do. Looming. Always there. Ticking time bomb.

It’s not going to go away. So we, he, just has to learn how to cope. Make the best of it. And I have decide if that’s something I can live with.

We stay up till 1, watching the MJ funeral that dvr’d. John Mayer did the best by far. It was all very strange, how people mourned him like he was super human.

Then to bed, where we fooled around, but ultimately decided to go to bed, with no condoms in sight. 
We wake up and part ways, he for the gym, me for… I don’t know. I’m at home. 

He wants to go to the beach, so I get all excited, looking into trains and stuff.

Then he changes his mind. No gym, no beach. Cloisters instead. 

I’m a lil’ annoyed, cause I was hype for the beach, but decide to make the cloisters fun anyway.

Stop by crowded ass Pathmark to pick up some picnic food, then meet him at his apt, prep the food, and get on the m4 bus bound for the cloisters.

It’s a small, hilly park. My bag is heavy, my jeans (why was I wearing jeans???) are tight, and I’m not feeling it.

We find an uneven plot of land on which to sit and eat, I make hummus tomato cucumber avocado sandwiches, and the pigeons, squirrels, and ground hogs circle with envy.

They are good. 

We sit in the sun and shade, not really talking. My mood is off today, I’m feeling insecure about me, us, and I want him to take my face into his hands and say all the sweet things that always make me feel better.

But he falls asleep. Avocado has that effect on him, I guess.

I try to sleep as well, but the animals are too mischeivious, the park too shaded and secluded… I worry.

So we’re up again, walking through the garden, stopping to admire all the many fast and exotic cars speeding along the henry Hudson parkway. He wants that life. I worry some more.

Maybe he’s too bougie. Maybe once he starts working, we’ll want different things, that money and material things matters too much to him. 

It won’t work. It won’t work I think. 

So we’re walking, and I am as silent as I can be. He senses it. I say I need to think, then we’ll talk. 

I know I’m in panic mode.

So we begin the long walk from the cloisters to his apt, stopping at a wine shop, where I feel super dumb because he has all these great and intelligent things to say about wine, and I, don’t. 

Then I feel like I’ve been put on the spot, because he tells me to tell the man what I want, and all I want to do is crawl into my turtle’s shell and hide until this is all over. I feel dumb.

He buys 3 bottles, and we make the long quiet walk home, through inwood.

Back at the apartment, I confess. I feel like he wants a different life, a bougie life.

He very calmly tells me I’m judgemental.

He’s right. 

I just panic. Per usual. But we talk it out, and then sit in the kitchen as he explains more things about wine with me, and suddenly I don’t feel so dumb. Because really all I wanted, needed was knowledge.

His roommates come in, drunk, and they talk wine more, about roses and table wines… I’m buzzed. 

Then on the 3 way with mom and kamillah, who go on and on about stuff I don’t care about. We’re trying to have sex.

And then we are. Candles are lit, music is playing, It feels a little tight, but we figure it out. It hasn’t yet begun to feel good, plus my buzz is waning and as usual, I shouldn’t be having sex on a full stomach. But I like to watch him above me, moving, saying my name, moaning. He comes on me, and then we sleep. 
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck.

Bilal’s singing “when will you call?”

And I’m wondering the same thing. 

Fuck.

This is why I don’t get close to people. Cause my little heart’s so small, so powerless to the whims of crazy things like phone calls and tones of voice. Or absence. When you go from being on my radar all day, every day, to no where to be found, my barometric pressure drops. I’m disoriented, and I’m not sure which way is up.

I don’t know why I anticipate bad things. Why when the littlest ping will put me in evacuation mode, and I’m fast at work cleaning, tidying, stream lining my emotions. Pack it all up, move it all out. Reinforce the barriers. 

I cannot find you, and it’s driving me insane. 

The last I saw you was 9am this morning, you turning and mitten waving through the dingy window as the one train speeded you downtown to the gym.

I almost, ALMOST, sculpted my day around you. But then I said fuck it, I’m sleepy, and laid down for a much needed nap.

You had awoken me at 5am, dick rubbing between my legs, then the soft rhythmic clapping of our flesh as you pressed me down into the mattress and moaned my name.

I do it for you. My body and mind have not attuned to what I want, what I need, so I just enjoy watching you enjoy it, and wait for you to snatch the condom off and pour it all out on my back.

My life is not my life these days. I have nothing consistent to hold on to, ejected from my job, choir, daily routine. I favor an apartment in Washington heights more than my own, and rarely venture further that 135th by myself. 

Today was the first time. On the 3, headed downtown, I glimpse my old life, the commute, the solitary rides to someplace with a purpose, and more importantly, a paycheck. 

Now I’m headed downtown to buy condoms, hummus with tahini, and wild caught Chilean sea bass because when I like you I make it all about you. I cook for you. You like organic? Organic you will get.

But then you don’t answer you phone, don’t return my text, and I’m stuck bearing down for the worse. You went to see your son. Maybe love was rekindled and right now you’re in her arms, in her bed, ignoring my call, knowing that that chapter is over, and you’re back where you want to be.

Maybe. 

Or maybe your body has been twisted by metal, and you lay prone in a stiff bed under the harsh glow of hospital halogens, dying.

Maybe.

Or maybe… I don’t know. Maybe I should try to think of something good, like… you won the lotto? You’re getting your dream job? You and the ex and resolving all old and bad feelings so you can pack that situation away and we can get along with life with each other?

Maybe my period’s just coming. PMSing always makes me crazy, and though I’ve been spoting and my body’s doing all sorts of weird things, maybe next week when the blood finally comes down I can get a better perspective and just look back on this and laugh. 

6:23. No call. No text. Did you quit?

6:28 “hey sorry. Ringer has been off. In bkyln w/ max. will call soon.”

Ringer off why?

Maybe I should just leave it all alone. Get some dogs, move far, far, far, far, away from people. Who will disappoint. Always disappoint. 

I do something nice, $22 worth of wild caught Chilean sea bass. For nothing. I should know better by now. I’m fucked, forever and always.


I didn’t want to sit here and write this. After all, if I don’t write it, it didn’t exist, right?

And I wonder how much of this I’m responsible for. Perhaps I covered my ears too tightly, hummed to loudly, to hear God direct me otherwise. 

Or maybe my own negativity and pessimism strung the stones around the neck of this sinking situation.

Either way, you cannot make this shit up. It’s almost implausible.

So around 7pm he comes over. I’m just sitting down to eat. Coincidentally Byron called earlier. Perhaps it’s a sign, to explore new avenues.

In he comes, and I have no kiss for his lips. I am annoyed. My lovely $22 chilean sea bass sits cold and marinating in the fridge, instead of digesting in his stomach.

He is different as well. There is something to be said.

So he suggests going to society. On the way he is figety, impatient. I am annoyed by his impatience, and mentally make note to tell him so later. 

We instead opt for sette panni. I’d never been, it’s ok, but not as cozy as society. 

I tell him to talk, and he immediately covers his face. Oh shit.

He wants to wait until his cappuccino comes. 

It is bad? Will I be mad?

Did you have sex with her? No. No, not that.

Well good, I think.

Then comes the preamble, long and sweeping, fully of disclaimers and intentions and explanations and plausible outcomes and options weighed and so much shit I don’t remember all I think is fuck, just say it.

She is pregnant. 

His ex-girlfriend, this girl who has weighed so heavily in all our interaction, this joy-less joy, is pregnant. With his second child. From a night that happened 2 and a half months ago.

I am floored. FLOORED. I want to puke, scream, run, cry, laugh hysterically because I saw this all happen on The Game last season. Because this isn’t my life. More and more, everyday, my life morphs into something I did not see, could not imagine, did not want. I did not want to lose my virginity to a man who I wasn’t in a relationship with, who had 1 baby and one on the way. This isn’t how it was supposed to happen.

So I sit quietly, as he explains not wanting to give up the baby, but not necessarily wanting to keep it too, and how she doesn’t know what she wants to do, but she’s not happy, won’t be happy, and there’s a doctor’s appointment next week, and perhaps there will be no baby and we can put all this behind us…

None of this consoles me. I don’t know how to feel, what to say, so I stare at the floor, and corner of the table, my coffee cup, my hands, granules of sugar, anything but his face. I can’t see it, can’t feel it just yet. My mouth is dry, my heart is racing, my éclair tastes like dust, and I don’t know how the fuck I ended up here. I didn’t know it was going to end like this. But I know I can’t go on, can’t pretend that it’s ok. You have  2nd child on the way. There is no room for me in this situation, and honestly with your luck and sperm I want to get as far away from you as possible, wash off any bad fortune you’ve been so tagged with. 

I just finished reading walter mosley’s fortunate son, and just like the boys in the book, blessed with two different types of fortune, I think that’s what Brian has. He’s incredibly fortunate. But it just comes up on the other side of the coin these days. 

So we sit and talk about it, how he feels, how fucked up the situation is, how surreal it is, at points me laughing until tears form in the corner of my eyes. If you cannot laugh, you will cry.

Then there’s the slow walk from 120th back to my apartment, realizing that things have changed, and will continue to change, but maybe they’re not over. I feel fucked because my heart is in it, in him, and now I have to move it out, and move on. 

But he’s in much deeper, his life is so twisted beyond recognition, I’m strong for him, because he cannot shoulder another burden. He calls me amazing. I just do what I need to do until I can crawl under my sheets and cry.

In front of my apartment building, we hug, multiple times, knowing that once we part, it will be for a while. Regardless of whether or not she keeps the baby, things have changed, I cannot continue on in this situation until the dust settles, and the forms and shapes are clear beyond all the madness.

I fear more than him not being with me, is going back to her, me being some manic pixie influence in his life that helped him the learn and love and make him a better man for her.

He doesn’t say this is entirely impossible, as watching someone carry your child creates a bond you can’t ignore, at least not for him.

And so I shed a few tears at he unfairness of it all, and then I pray for him. In plain language I lay it out for God, ask for his guidance, that he will give peace. I feel it. Not sure about him. We part ways.

On the phone with Lauren, I lay it all out. Sweet sweet Lauren has hope beyond hope, says all is not lost, and I should just take it day by day. She says the situation is not beyond repair. Perhaps she’s right.

But right now, my heart cannot take anything more that what it is right now: cold, alone, and tired. 
I knew waking up would be rough. 

It’s like a bad taste in my mouth, a stench I can’t wash off.

All that really happened. It really happened. My life has been flipped on it’s head for like, the 6th time in the past 30 days.

Will it settle down? Will I find my center and learn not to be so swayed by the whims and unpredictabilities of life?

I woke, 8 am, praying praying praying. God I need you. I want you. Guide me. Help me. Help them oh Lord. Help us God. Perhaps I was just meant to be the ultimate intercessor for them, for their situation. 

I guess I’m blessed to be a blessing, but doggonit if it don’t hurt to glimpse something you like, you want to have, only to be told it’s not for you. Not yet. Not now. Maybe not even him. 

It hurts. Bad. Sinking in my stomach, rising in my throat. It makes me sick, yet I can’t bring myself to cry. Maybe it’s just not appropriate. 

So I get up, turn on my gospel, and just sing it out. Try to find the joy, the peace, that I need so badly right now. To not hurt so badly. 

And it works, for the most part. I feel comforted for as long as my mouth is open and my mind is cleared of worry.

But then I check my monthly info and realize that I was ovulating on July 2. And we had sex on July 5. And I need to exchange my condoms for a pregnancy test. 

I need to find my life. 


Today was a rough one. Besides praying, I slept a lot.

I went to the gym, tried to use my frenetic energy on the treadmill, but my motivation waned, and I quit around mile 2.

I just wanted to go back home and go back to sleep. Even though I had taken an hour nap before I went to the gym.

I just want to sleep. It’s the only way to recharge my batteries.

Awake again, I head to Hudson river park for a movie with jendayi and khaliah. The wizard of oz. I look for signs there, anything, to make it ok. 

My belief that Love is freedom, that when you love someone you let them go… I grip onto that.

Then in the movie the wizard tells the tinman “hearts aren’t practical until they make them unbreakable.”

Later the tinman realizes “I must have a heart, because it’s breaking.”

That’s how I feel. Just want to be alone. I go up and down in mood, one hour I’m ok, the next I just want to cry. I miss him. But I’m unsure of what to do, what to pray. Do I pray to make it work, or pray to move on seamlessly?

I want him. 

I don’t want that other baby.

Later in the night, when we get home, I’m telling Khaliah a little, but not a lot. Keep saying kids, babies… it’s a slip I hope I’m not bringing to pass. I don’t want to be an impetus in her abortion… but I don’t want her to have that baby.

Khaliah says I need to think about what I want, what I can survive… I can’t survive a 9 month pregnancy. I can’t survive another baby.

It’s sad but true, and I don’t know why my life has come to these difficult decisions. I just wanted to meet someone to fall in love with. And even though I’m gushing to khaliah about him, inside I’m just sad, heavy. Can this work? Will this work?

I want him.

Even earlier, scanning the internet trying to figure out the signs of pregnancy, implantation spotting, how long sperm can live. I do not panic. Some ignorant part of me wants to be pregnant, to keep him, have him, and I have to cuss myself out, that that is not my life, that is not how you get a healthy relationship. You are not pregnant, so stop looking to be so.

As far as Joy… I wish she weren’t pregnant. But whether or not she is, or stays pregnant, is not for me to decide. 

And it sucks. This is the first day in nearly a month I haven’t talked to him, text him, something. I figure if I can just make it to Sunday. Make it to Sunday. Then maybe I’ll have something more concrete, stable, real. Something to hold onto.

Until then it’s lonely. All I got is prayer and this journal to vent. Can’t blow up Lauren with circular conversation. Can’t call Brian, he’s got bigger fish to fry. So I pray. And sleep. Sleep. Sleep. 
